#View Data Code
head(data)

#Pre-Process Data Code
average_trs <- data %>%
  group_by(ID, Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute = mean(Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE), .groups = 'drop')

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#View Data Code
head(data)

#Pre-Process Data Code
average_trs <- data %>%
  group_by(ID, Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute = mean(Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE), .groups = 'drop')

#Summarise Result Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
      group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(
        n = n(),
        mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sem = sd / sqrt(n)
      )

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#View Data Code
head(data)

#Pre-Process Data Code
average_trs <- data %>%
  group_by(ID, Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute = mean(Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE), .groups = 'drop')

#Summarise Result Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
      group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(
        n = n(),
        mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sem = sd / sqrt(n)
      )

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
data

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
data

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
results_data

#View Data Code
view_data

#View Data Code
data

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
head(data)

#View Data Code
data

#View Data Code
head(data)

#Pre-Process Data Code
average_trs <- data %>%
  group_by(ID, Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute = mean(Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE), .groups = 'drop')

#View Data Code
head(data)

#Pre-Process Data Code
average_trs <- data %>%
  group_by(ID, Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute = mean(Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE), .groups = 'drop')

#Summarise Result Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
      group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
      summarise(
        n = n(),
        mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
        sem = sd / sqrt(n)
      )

#Paired T-Test Code
average_trs_paired_wide <- average_trs %>%
      pivot_wider(names_from = Stress_Status, values_from = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute)
    
t_test_paired <- t.test(
  average_trs_paired_wide$Stressed,
  average_trs_paired_wide$Unstressed,
  paired = TRUE
)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )
  

#Two-Sided T-Test Code
t_test <- t.test(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute ~ Stress_Status, var.equal = TRUE, data = average_trs)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c(\"Unstressed\", \"Stressed\"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = \"identity\", color = \"black\", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = \"maroon\"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c(\"Unstressed\" = \"grey49\", \"Stressed\" = \"lightgrey\")) +
    labs(x = \"Stress Status\",
         y = \"Mean Blinks/Minute\",
         title = \"Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status\") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = \"none\",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = \"white\", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = \"white\", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Bar Plot Code
data_summary <- average_trs %>%
    group_by(Stress_Status) %>%
    summarise(
      n = n(),
      mean = mean(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sd = sd(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, na.rm = TRUE),
      sem = sd / sqrt(n)
    )
  
  data_summary$Stress_Status <- factor(data_summary$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))
  
  barplot <- ggplot(data_summary, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = mean, fill = Stress_Status)) +
    geom_bar(stat = "identity", color = "black", position = position_dodge()) +
    geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = mean - sem, ymax = mean + sem), width = .2, position = position_dodge(.9)) +
    geom_jitter(
      data = average_trs, 
      aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
      width = 0.2, 
      size = 2, 
      color = "maroon"
    ) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
    labs(x = "Stress Status",
         y = "Mean Blinks/Minute",
         title = "Mean Blinks/Minute by Stress Status") +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      legend.position = "none",
      plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
      panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
    ) + 
    ylim(0, max(data_summary$mean + data_summary$sem) * 1.2)

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )

#Create Box Plot Code
average_trs$Stress_Status <- factor(average_trs$Stress_Status, levels = c("Unstressed", "Stressed"))

boxplot <- ggplot(average_trs, aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute, fill = Stress_Status)) + 
  geom_boxplot(outlier.shape = NA, width = 0.5) + 
  geom_jitter(
    data = average_trs, 
    aes(x = Stress_Status, y = Average_Blinks_Per_Minute), 
    width = 0.2, 
    size = 2, 
    color = "maroon"
  ) +
  scale_fill_manual(values = c("Unstressed" = "grey49", "Stressed" = "lightgrey")) +
  labs(
    x = "Stress Status",
    y = "Blinks/Minute",
    title = "Blinks/Minute by Stress Status"
  ) +
  theme_minimal() +
  theme(
    legend.position = "none",
    plot.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA),
    panel.background = element_rect(fill = "white", color = NA)
  )

#Two-Sided T-Test Code
t_test <- t.test(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute ~ Stress_Status, var.equal = TRUE, data = average_trs)

#Two-Sided T-Test Code
t_test <- t.test(Average_Blinks_Per_Minute ~ Stress_Status, var.equal = TRUE, data = average_trs)

